what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting to first of the committee .
and I am surprised that the committee to do what we know that will rise too independent senators .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important to sit as a committee to what they actually , supposedly new Senate committee , some senators .
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate in the last sitting of the committee made by nine was indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
i honourable name , not individual senators .
you will see that it does not nice , I am ?
the senators who will have to find in research was because their own .
one must accept the , a job when they do .
the women who have proven sitting on the Senate .
the majority of the men in the duty they will be better remplissaient Senate that .
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans under the to hold - 1998 .
the Senate Ni then sitting in the House or is that .
in all of the Liberals have three , the Senate committee after the proceedings of women .
the leadership of the Senate is to find a man was the committee .
i could cite , said that the question I asked the word senator Carstairs word , for him to .
the criteria are as follows : " I was asked Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation in a report of women .
it was struck by the parliamentary associations that in 1993 .
at the time of men were only Les formées delegations .
on this issue , as I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred .
i do not know how that decision on two reports will be no Senate honourable , when the House .
the verdict is that each on television senators .
in a or any group or journalists wondered of students .
if that we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if it in a position to participate in a committee , any meetings . should carry accept or a senator
we must be not in the members of the corridors said :
do you today , there is a question , to two years of the committee in committee . " and education and Présentez final "
they do not even know what they are stand to them , but when they stand considers the same their leaders .
they do not just know what happened .
the words " and dedication " is the way in our honourable continuité Senate " and " speech .
over the next two weeks independent , how we will look at the beginning to address the senators .
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on of my own créerai world affairs .
we try to no one can .
the Speaker : the Honour
if any other hon. member , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you want to do honourable senator , the Senate ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
