last Tuesday , senators honourable here , what happened ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I rise which is expected the independent too known what to do with the Senate committee .
what will not strike so for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years .
it is a committee , important because , in principle , these new Senate committee to sit actually what some senators .
i am therefore sitting of the Senate committee yesterday ' s presented to the one of the new to realize that was indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators name , I do people .
you can see what kind that I am ' t it ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one accepts an the work , it must do .
the women who sit in the Senate have proven .
they their duty remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the hold that the of veterans to the committee held in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do here at that time .
all they sat in the proceedings of the committee , three senators of women .
the leadership of the committee could not find a man to the Senate .
i could cite , by word word senator Carstairs took the hon. , I asked the answer that question .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows " ?
it was that it was the first to address the representation in a report of women .
that they were prepared to parliamentary associations in 1993 .
at the time was only shall formées delegations of men .
in this regard , I was on replaced by the Senate Finestone for a number of years .
however my association want the opportunity to enter , I look preferred .
honourable decision , I do not know how or when the House will be senators on these two reports .
every time that the Senate are on television verdict .
in or by a group of students wondered journalists or other .
if that we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not think of the option .
if she accept this position in a committee , he should participate in a senator or any meetings intended .
we are not members of society we say in the corridors :
you do Présentez " and today in committee , after two years of education , there is a final question in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , they stand out when their leaders stand to them .
no they do not know what happened .
honourable '' , the words " senators continuité dedication " and " is the way in our speech .
in the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent .
if we do that do not , I créerai my own committee as parliamentarians who are concerned about the world affairs .
we are no one can try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator are you , is it the pleasure of senators honourable wishes to speak , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
