honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
the Senate and I am surprised too admits that they knew what to do with the committee that independent .
that will not strike so much for a moment .
the selection committee can show some impact .
the work on a senator undertaking that over the next two years .
it is a committee , because , in principle , these important new Senate committee sit in its actually some senators .
i am therefore was sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the new presented to the Senate indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you can see you I am that kind ' t it ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one accepts an work , it has to do .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they remplissaient they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the of veterans that the meetings to the committee held in February 1998 .
the Senate or the House of Commons do Ni here at that time .
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women .
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee .
i could cite word about , words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
shall formées delegations was only at the time of men .
in that I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I want the opportunity to enter expect my association preferred .
when the House will be or senators honourable decision , I do not know how about these two reports .
each time that the Senate are verdict on television .
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other .
if that we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if she accept this position in a committee , he should participate in a senator or any meetings intended .
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors :
" Présentez after two years of education and do you today in committee , there is a final question in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed out when their leaders , they stand stand to them .
they do not know no what happened .
the words " senators honourable " and " continuité dedication , " is the way in our speech .
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent .
if we are the committee , I are not of my own créerai Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we will try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you are honourable is it the pleasure of senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
