honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I am surprised admits that the committee that they knew too independent what to do with the Senate .
that will not strike so much for a moment .
the selection committee can show some impact .
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years .
it is a committee important sit in principle , these new Senate committee , because , in its actually some senators .
i am therefore was sitting of the committee to to realize that indeed one of the new presented to the Senate yesterday .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you can see you that kind I am ' t it ?
the Senate to find that had been research will have their own fault .
when one accepts an work , it has to do .
the have proven women who are sitting in the Senate .
they remplissaient they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the of veterans that the meetings to the committee held in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do here at that time .
all they sat in the proceedings of the committee , three senators of women .
the leadership of the committee could not find a person to the Senate .
i could cite word about , words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him the criteria are as follows : " Quels were ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation in a report of women .
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
at the time of men shall was only formées delegations .
in that I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I want the opportunity to enter preferred expect my association .
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be decision about these two reports .
each time that the Senate are on television verdict .
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other .
that if we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if she accept this position in a committee , he should participate in a senator or any meetings intended .
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors :
" in committee and do you today after two years of education in committee , there is a question Présentez final '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed stand , they stand out when their leaders to them .
no they do not know what happened .
the words " in our honourable " and " continuité dedication , " is the way senators speech .
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent .
if we are the committee are not of my own , I créerai Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we will try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you are honourable is it the pleasure of senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
