what happened last Tuesday here , honourable senators , ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee . 
i am surprised that the committee to do not know what it to and rise too independent senators . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as to what they actually , supposedly new Senate committee sit some senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate in the last sitting of the committee made by nine was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , one honourable senators . 
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ? 
the senators who will have to find in their own was because research . 
one must accept the , a job when they do . 
the women who have proven sitting on the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they will be better remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans under the to hold - 1998 . 
the House is then sitting in the Senate Ni or that . 
after all , the Liberals have in the proceedings of the three senators committee of women . 
the leadership of the Senate is to find a man was the committee . 
i could cite the question I asked the senator Carstairs took , to talk , talk hon. answer the question . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the women ' s report in a representation . 
it was struck by the parliamentary associations that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées Les delegations . 
on this issue , as I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years Finestone . 
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred . 
i do not know how , when the House will be about these two . reports decision or senators honourable 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
in a or any group of students or wondered journalists . 
we believe that we do ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
in fact , but it should be translated . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
in a position or any part of it , it should be accept if a Senate committee , meetings intended . 
we must not be in the members of the corridors said : 
