what has happened here , honourable Senate , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee . 
and I am surprised that the committee to do what we know that will rise too independent senators . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as to what they actually , supposedly new Senate committee sit some senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate in the last sitting of the committee made by nine was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i honourable name , not individual senators . 
you will see that it does not , I am nice ? 
the senators who will have to find in their own was because research . 
one must accept the , a job when they do . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they will be better remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans under the to hold - 1998 . 
the House is then sitting in the Senate Ni or that . 
after all , the Liberals have three of the Senate committee in the proceedings of women . 
the leadership of the Senate is to find a man was the committee . 
i could cite , said that the question I asked the senator Carstairs word , word for him to . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
it was struck by the parliamentary associations that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées Les delegations . 
on this issue , as I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred . 
i do not know , when the House on two reports that will be no Senate honourable how decision . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
in a or any group of students or wondered journalists . 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a in a position to participate in committee , or any meetings . should carry it a accept senator 
we must not be in the members of the corridors said : 
do you today , there is a question , and to the two years of in committee . " final education and committee Présentez " 
they do not even know what they are the same , but to them when they stand stand considers their leaders . 
they just do not know what happened . 
the words " and " and " is the way in our dedication continuité honourable Senate " speech . 
over the next two weeks , how the we will look at the beginning to address independent senators . 
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own créerai of world affairs . 
we try to no one can . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
if the hon. member , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you want to do any other senator , honourable Senate ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
